Optimize abstracts and prereqs for mng Flatpak (CQA) (#5018)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/proc_creating-a-flatpak-remote-by-using-cli.adoc

= Creating a Flatpak remote by using Hammer CLI

[role="_abstract"]

> Add a Flatpak remote to your {Project} inventory to scan it and mirror selected repositories into your products for host distribution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add a Flatpak remote to your {Project} inventory to scan it and mirror selected repositories into your products to distribute desktop application content to hosts.
```

Similar to `guides/common/modules/con_managing-flatpak-repositories-in-project.adoc`. What do you think?

Same applies to `guides/common/modules/proc_creating-a-flatpak-remote-by-using-web-ui.adoc`.

Author: Would you be okay with this? It would be easier to read.

```suggestion
Add a Flatpak remote to your {Project} inventory to scan it, mirror selected repositories into your products, and distribute desktop application content to hosts.
```

Reviewer: Yes.

> Register an external Flatpak index as the first step toward scanning it and mirroring selected repositories into your products for host distribution.

Reviewer: I suggest that we do not introduce a new term "Flatpak index" unless there's a strong technical requirement.
